I'm so sorry.
Dad disabled your leg.
He was ridiculed.
It's all dad's fault
Fortunately
Now there is a chance to make up for it.
Dad, I never blamed you
Thanks.
Eat it.
It will be fine.
If this medicine doesn't work
Or it's bad for my goddaughter
I'll beat your leg off
Does it really work?
How did it go?
Dad, my legs are fine
My legs are fine.
Thank you dad that's great
What else do you say to dad?
Hahaha, if you want
You can move back now.
Don't get me wrong
What I mean is...
I really need you as a father
Then you are not afraid that Zhenzhen will not be safe with me.
It took so much to understand
It is safest to be by your side
Don't bother with that.
I'm in charge of my goddaughter
Brother, my bed is big and soft.
Why don't you move in with me?
Brother, this is the ticket for Liu Tianhou's tour concert.
You promised to go to the concert with me
What? When did you promise?
No good talking nonsense, I can go undercover
Hmph, after tomorrow?
After all these years, you still don't give up on big brother?
You didn't give up
Why should I give up?
Humph
Uncle, they are so old, you should choose me.
Oh, don't get involved in this kind of thing.
Why should I ignore them?
You shut up
Uncle, stop, stop